Mr. Yan
What's he doing here?
Mr. Yan welcomes you
Your arrival makes our hotel shine
You see, this is our gold medal waiter.
Be careful
Last game
The last one is
Mr. Yan, Miss Guo
She has low blood sugar due to overwork
hard decision
Overwork
Mr. Yan
I found out that Miss Gu was hospitalized because of her grandmother's brain tumor
Requires a large treatment fee
Miss Gu works three jobs a day to make money
How do you feel when you wake up?
It's okay, it's hypoglycemia
Who brought me to the hospital?
It's Seventeen Yan
Seventeen Swallow
It was Princess Yan who carried you to the hospital all the way
You don't know how handsome Yan is
To have a good appearance
To have a figure
In the entertainment industry, that would be a proper male doctor.
I thought the richest people had beer bellies
What about the big bald old man?
Hey, by the way, Qingqing, do you know Qingqing?
He looked nervous when you fainted
How could you possibly know him?
Mowgli is warm-hearted
It's not because he knew Mr. He wanted to marry me
So treat me as your uncle